main page updates: intro, screenshot, 'install' section (#72)
intellij-rust/intellij-rust.github.io: install.markdown

title: Install IntelliJ Rust
---

> ## Alpha builds

Reviewer: Maybe it's time to get rid of `alpha` in docs?
It was true three years ago but now we've become much more featured and support the most part of the language

> IntelliJ Rust is in _alpha_ stage. We regularly publish stable builds to the JetBrains plugin [repository](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/8182).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IntelliJ Rust is in active development. We regularly publish stable builds to the JetBrains plugin [repository](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/8182).
```

It seems `in alpha stage` and `publish stable builds` are quite inconsistent.

You can download and install these builds directly from `Settings / Preferences | Plugins | Marketplace` in your IDE.

For bug reports and feature requests, please use our [issue tracker](https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/issues).

## Nightly builds

> In addition to aplha releases, we also ship pre-builds of _intellij-rust_ and _intellij-toml_ in the nightly channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to stable releases, we also ship pre-builds of _intellij-rust_ in the nightly channel.
```

Not sure about `stable` here but it's more suitable than `alpha`. Maybe one of `general`, `common`, `main` is better.
Also, we don't publish nightly builds for _intellij-toml_ plugin anymore (they don't make a lot of sense) so I think we can drop its mention

To use them, follow this
[instruction](https://www.jetbrains.com/idea/help/managing-enterprise-plugin-repositories.html#repos)

> for adding a custom plugin repository, and use one of the following URLs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for adding a custom plugin repository, and use the following URL:
```

```yaml
- Rust: https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugins/nightly/8182

> - TOML: https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugins/nightly/8195

Reviewer: Let's drop toml nightly repo from this section

```

> 

Reviewer: Let's keep link to our gitter, it's still alive

Nightly builds are daily snapshots of the current development branch, so there may be more bugs than in the alpha channel. If you find one, please file an

> [issue](https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/issues) in our tracker.

Reviewer: What do you think about changing link to issue list with `https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/issues/new`?
Also, maybe it makes sense to add some note about our `Create New Issue` action?
